.TH CDIDC 1 2021-02-08 "cdidc VERSION_NUMBER"

.SH NAME
cdidc \- calculate MusicBrainz or CDDB ID of a CD

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cdidc
[\fB\-d\fR \fIDEVICE\fR]
[\fB\-c\fR]
[\fB\-m\fR]
[\fB\-s\fR]
[\fB\-w\fR \fIBROWSER\fR]
[\fB\-b\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\-h\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcdidc\fR prints MusicBrainz or CDDB identifier (defaults to both) of a compact disc using \fIlibdiscid\fR.
.P
If \fB\-s\fR is given, a browser will opened allowing to conveniently submit the Disc ID to MusicBrainz.
By default, \fIxdg-open\fR is used to launch user's default browser, but any command can be used instead, by specifying it with the \fB\-w\fR option.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-d\fR " " \fIDEVICE\fR
Set the optical drive to use.
Defaults to whatever \fIlibdiscid\fR thinks is the default for the system.
.TP
.BR \-c
Prints the CDDB ID.
.TP
.BR \-m
Prints the MusicBrainz Disc ID.
.TP
.BR \-s
Opens the MusicBrainz.org Disc ID sumbmission form using the default browser.
.TP
.BR \-w\fR " " \fIBROWSER\fR
Use command BROWSER for submitting the Disc ID instead of the system default.
Implies \fB\-s\fR.
.TP
.BR \-b
Print more briefly, i.e. just the ID(s) separated by newlines, rather than "ID-Type: ID".
.TP
.BR \-v
Prints version number and a copyright disclaimer.
.TP
.BR \-h
Prints a short help message.

.SH BUGS
Bug reports and patches are appreciated, send them to the email address below.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Riku Viitanen <riku.viitanen at protonmail.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2020 Riku Viitanen
.P
License GPLv3+: GNU General Public License version 3 or later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
